Customizability of client id in jar request object (#332)
italia/eudi-wallet-it-python: README.SATOSA.md

| Parameter                                    | Description                                                                                         | Example value                                       |
| -------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |

> | config.authorization.client_id               | Optional client_id to be set only in the request object; if not set it is equal to the issuer       | IT-PYEUDIRP                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| config.authorization.client_id               | client_id to be set only in the request object; if not set default to entity id value      | IT-PYEUDIRP (as requested by Potential LSP)   |
```
